I want to introduce average new feature added by ESX.
It's called subclassing and that basically allows you to extend both in objects and at your own function
not just to them.
Now of course you may extend any object there is.
But I think a very quick example is steepled in every object.
And this also shows how it works and why you might use it.
It's simple to do.
I use the class keyword and then I will create a new array and I will call my convertible airy and will
see why they would like to assume. My convertible array now extends the boat in every case every object
which is built into javascript.
Now I will just add a new method to this array here like so.
And what I want to do was I want to both convert the array all the values in the array.
So I will have a helper every year return entry and then I use the already built in for each method
which every object peopled in every object already has.
And then it had a function to basically transform every value in this array.
I will push this value into my new array here but I want to do is I want to add a converted string and
then add the original value.
So everything will be converted to a string therefore of course two.
And then I will return my return array.
Now with this if I create in you every number array let's say.
And this is a new convertible array of course that's important.
I can't use the brackets notation to create an array because you only use the default array have to
use my own array the extended one so I'll create a new convertible array here and then I'll just push
some valid values on it so I'll push one.
And also to end the free real quick and thereafter I'll simply go to console log out and log my number
every dot called Word.
And what do you think we'll see if an would run convert one convert to convert to add free.
That's just a brief example which I think perfectly shows how subclassing works because in the end subclassing
is nothing special in its normal class behavior it only means that you can extend both in classes like
theory class but of course upper classes too with subclassing you have the chance of changing the behavior
of bolt in objects or providing certain features.
Your app might be the missing and you need right now.
So that's subclassing and definitely play around with that.
Take all the balls and objects and try out what you may want to add but you can add all of that works